Update pricing.md (#162)
huggingface/hf-endpoints-documentation: docs/source/support/pricing.md

# Pricing

When you create an Endpoint, you can select the instance type to deploy and scale your model according to an hourly rate.

> Inference Endpoints is accessible to Hugging Face accounts with an active subscription and credits on file. A user or organization account will be charged for the compute resources used while successfully deployed Endpoints (ready to serve) are *initializing* and in a *running* state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inference Endpoints is accessible to Hugging Face accounts with an active subscription and credits added. We recommend enabling automatic recharge to avoid service disruptions after credits are exhausted. A user or organization account will be charged for the compute resources used while successfully deployed Endpoints (ready to serve) are *initializing* and in a *running* state.
```
